
Privacy Policy
Welcome to Insignia-POS ("Insignia-POS", "we," or "us") & thank you for your interest our Privacy Policy which covers our Service, our web site at https://www.sellerkit.in (the "Site"), and all related web sites, downloadable software, mobile applications (including tablet applications), and other services provided by us and on which a link to this Privacy Policy is displayed, and all other communications with individuals or companies from written or oral means, such as email, SMS or Phone (collectively, together with the Site, our "Service").
This Privacy Policy ("Policy") describes the information we gather on or through the Service, how we use and disclose such information, and the steps we take to protect such information. By visiting the Site, or by purchasing or using the Service, you accept the privacy practices described in this Policy.
This Policy is incorporated into, and is subject to, the Insignia-POS Terms of Service. 
Definitions
"Customer" means a customer of Insignia-POS.
"Customer Data" means personal data, reports, addresses, and other files, folders or documents in electronic form that a User of the Service stores within the Service.
"Personal Data" means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
"Public Area" means the area of the Site that can be accessed both by Users and Visitors, without needing to log in.
"Restricted Area" means the area of the Site that can be accessed only by Users, and where access requires logging in.
"User" means an employee, agent, or representative of a Client, who primarily uses the restricted areas of the Site for the purpose of accessing the Service in such capacity.
"Visitor" means an individual other than a User, who uses the public area, but has no access to the restricted areas of the Site or Service.
Whom does this apply to?
This Notice applies to (i) entities or individuals, including End-Users and Users, who have subscribed to our Service(s) and have agreed to the Terms (hereinafter referred to as the "Customer") and (ii) individuals ("Individuals") from whom Insignia-POS collects data as a controller as specified below.
Information we collect on the Service
Customer Information
A Client or User may store or upload into the Service Client Data. Insignia-POS has no direct relationship with the individuals whose Personal Data it hosts as part of Client Data. Each Client is responsible for providing notice to its customers and third persons concerning the purpose for which Client collects their Personal Data and how this Personal Data is processed in or through the Service as part of Client Data.
User provided Information
When you use the Service, as a User or as a Visitor, you may provide, and we may collect Personal Data. Examples of Personal Data include name, email address, mailing address, landline or mobile phone numbers, and other billing information. Personal Data also includes other information, such as geographic area or preferences, when any such information is linked to information that identifies a specific individual. You may provide us with Personal Data in various ways on the Service. For example, when you register for a Lead or Deal, use the Service, post Client Data, interact with other users of the Service through communication or messaging capabilities like Email, SMS or Calls, or send us customer service or success related requests. If you do choose to activate SMS, Call Log or E-mail Sync to improve your experience, we never collect or store any information that does not pertain to Leads, Contacts or Deals as found in the Service.
Automatically Collected Information
When a User or Visitor uses the Service, we may automatically collect certain information from the User's or Visitor's device by using various types of technology, including cookies or "web beacons." This "automatically collected" information may include IP address or other device address or ID, web browser and/or device type, location, how visitors behave on the website, the web pages or sites visited just before or just after using the Service, the pages or other content the User or Visitor views or interacts with on the Service, and the dates and times of the visit, access, or use of the Service. We also may use these technologies to collect information regarding a Visitor or User's interaction with email messages, such as whether the Visitor or User opens, clicks on, or forwards a message. This information is gathered from all Users and Visitors.
Integrated Services
A User may be given the option to access or register for the Service through the use of user name and passwords for certain services provided by third parties (each, an "Integrated Service"), such as through the use of Insignia-POS Workspace Suite, or otherwise have the option to authorize an Integrated Service to provide Personal Data or other information to us. By authorizing us to connect with an Integrated Service, the User authorizes us to access and store the name, email address(es), phone number(s), gender, current city, current country, profile picture URL, and other information that the Integrated Service makes available to us, and to use and disclose it in accordance with this Policy. You should check your privacy settings on each Integrated Service to understand what information that Integrated Service makes available to us, and make changes as appropriate. Please review each Integrated Service's terms of use and privacy policies carefully before using their services and connecting to our Service.
Information from Other Sources
We may obtain information, including Personal Data, from third parties and sources other than the Service, such as our partners, advertisers, credit rating agencies, and Integrated Services. If we combine or associate information from other sources with Personal Data that we collect through the Service, we will treat the combined information as Personal Data in accordance with this Policy.
How we use the information we collect
We use this information to analyse and identify your behaviour and enhance the overall Service & Website Experience
Operations
We use the information - other than Client Data - to operate, maintain, enhance and provide all features of the Service, to provide the services and information that you request, to respond to comments, and queries and to provide support to users of the Service. We process Client Data solely in accordance with the directions provided by the applicable Client or User.
Improvements
We use the information to understand and analyse the usage trends and preferences of our Visitors and Users, to improve the Service, and to develop new products, services, feature, and functionality. We may also conduct anonymized usage behavior analysis or process Client Data at the aggregate level to determine how the features of a particular Service are being used.
Communications
We may use a Visitor's or User's email address or other information - other than Client Data - to contact that Visitor or User (i) for purposes such as customer service, billing related queries, to address intellectual property infringement, right of privacy violations or defamation issues related to the Client Data or Personal Data posted on the Service or (ii) if given consent, with newsletters & emails about updates, promotions and events, relating to products and services offered by us and by third parties we work with; (iii) re-target our advertisements or re-market our Services using third-parties advertising platforms like Facebook, Google, LinkedIn, Taboola, etc. You can always opt-out of receiving any promotional communications at any point in time.
Cookies & Tracking
Cookies are text files which are sent from our server and downloaded to your Device when you visit our Website or Service. You can disable them from your browser. To read more about cookies, you can refer: www.allaboutcookies.org. Web Beacon (also known as Clear GIF, or Pixel Tag) is a tiny picture file which we may embed on our Websites or Service to track your behavior and navigation. It is similar to a cookie in what it does, but it doesn't get downloaded on to your Device.
Analytics
We use Google Analytics, Mixpanel & other 3rd party Analytics & Tracking tools to measure and evaluate traffic on the Public Area of the Site, understand user navigation & path to purchase. Google, Mixpanel or any of these 3rd party Analytics Tools operate independently from us and has its own privacy policy, which we strongly suggest you review. For more information, see Google Analytics Privacy and Data Sharing, Mixpanel Privacy Policy.
FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF ANY DOUBT, WE SHOULD CLARIFY THAT IN THE EVENT WE ANONYMIZE AND AGGREGATE INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM YOU, WE WILL BE ENTITLED TO USE SUCH ANONYMIZED DATA FREELY, WITHOUT ANY RESTRICTIONS OTHER THAN THOSE SET OUT UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
Where such data is not being used by us to render Services to you, we shall explicitly seek your consent for using the same. You can choose to withdraw this consent at any time, by emailing us at support@sellerkit.in
Minors & Children's policy
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. Our Service is not directed to children under the age of 18, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 18 without obtaining parental consent. If you are under 18 years of age, then please do not use or access the Service at any time or in any manner. If we learn that Personal Data has been collected on the Service from persons under 18 years of age and without verifiable parental consent, then we will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child under 18 years of age has obtained an Account on the Service, then you may alert us at privacy@Sellerkit.in and request that we delete that child's Personal Data from our systems. The Service is not intended to be used by minors, and is not intended to be used to post content to share publicly or with friends. To the extent that a minor has posted such content on the Service, the minor has the right to have this content deleted or removed using the deletion or removal options detailed in this Privacy Policy. If you have any question regarding this topic, please contact us as indicated in the "How to Contact Us" section. Please be aware that, although we offer this deletion capability, the removal of content may not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of that content or information.
Data Security
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. We maintain appropriate administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect Personal Data against accidental or unlawful destruction, accidental loss, unauthorized alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, misuse, and any other unlawful form of processing of the Personal Data in our possession. This includes, for example, firewalls, password protection and other access and authentication controls. We use SSL technology to encrypt data during transmission through public internet, and we also employ application-layer security features to further anonymize Personal Data. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or store on the Service, and you do so at your own risk. We also cannot guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. If you believe your Personal Data has been compromised, please contact us as set forth in the "How to Contact Us" section. If we learn of a security systems breach, we will inform you and the authorities of the occurrence of the breach in accordance with applicable law.
Data Retention
We only retain the Personal Data collected from a User for as long as the User's account is active or otherwise for a limited period of time as long as we need it to fulfill the purposes for which we have initially collected it, unless otherwise required by law. We will retain and use information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements as follows: • the contents of closed accounts are deleted within 3 months of the date of closure; • backups are kept for 3 months; • billing information is retained for a period of 3 years. • information on legal transactions between Client and Insignia-POS is retained for a period of 3 years
Compelled Disclosure
In addition to the purposes set out in the Policy, we may disclose any data we collected or process from you if it is required: • Under applicable law or to respond to a legal process, such as a search warrant, court order, or subpoena;
• To protect our safety, your safety or the safety of others or in the legitimate interest of any party in the context of national security, law enforcement, litigation, criminal investigation or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm;
• To investigate fraud or violation of our Acceptable Use Policy;
• If required in connection with legal proceedings brought against Insignia-POS , its officers, employees, affiliates, customers or vendors; or and To establish, exercise, protect, defend and enforce our legal rights.
How to contact Us
Please contact us with any questions or comments about this Policy, your Personal Data, our use and disclosure practices, or your consent choices by email at privacy@sellerkit.in. If you have any concerns or complaints about this Policy or your Personal Data, you may contact Insignia-POS Data Protection Officer by email at privacy@Sellerkit.in.
Last update: March 21, 2024 
